{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Courier New;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}{\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f3\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.21.2509;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\lang1033\f0\fs20 modify st/.git/config/config file\par
\par
forked from tbostelmann/st\par
\tab git clone git@github.com:eucephei/st.git\tab\tab <- ONE TIME ONLY\par
\tab cd C:\\Users\\ace\\st\\.git\\config\par
\par
cd st\par
ls\par
\tab git pull tom master\tab\tab\tab\tab\tab <- UPDATE\par
\tab git push \par
\par
Right click on st folder, 'Git GUI here'\par
   \tab rake gems:install\par
\par
Try \par
 \tab rake db:migrate db:test:prepare\par
\par
That copies the schema from development into test\par
\par
################################################################\par
\f1\par
You should be able to fork the repository without obtaining write\par
access to my repository.  The strategy here is to fork your own\par
version of the repo, make changes, check them in to your own\par
repository, then send a 'pull request' to me.  Jeremy and I can then\par
review the code and merge it into the main branch if necessary.\par
\par
1.) Fork tbostelmann\\st (there should be a 'fork' button in the upper\par
right hand corner - you'll need to be logged in to do this as well).\par
\par
2.) Clone your version of the repo (this should be something like\par
'eucephei\\st').\par
\par
git clone git@github.com:eucephei/st.git\par
\par
NOTE: if you have already cloned my version of the code, you can move\par
the repository to the side (mv st st_old) so that your cloned version\par
will replace it.  Copy config/database.yml and config/application.yml\par
over and everything should work on your existing development database\par
(so you don't have to re-do a lot of steps).\par
\par
3.) Make changes to the code as needed.  You can commit these to your\par
local version of the repository by executing the following commands:\par
\par
git add .\par
git commit -m "commit comment"\par
\par
4.) You might want to periodically 'push' your local changes up to\par
your repository:\par
\par
git push origin master\par
\par
NOTE: if you push your changes up to the repository it makes it easier\par
to talk about the changes you have made as I'll be able to look at the\par
change history for your repository.\par
\f2\fs24\par
\pard\sb100\sa100 HAML USE FILTER  p 490\par
SAVER WRITE RESPONSE \par
RESPONSE ADD TO HAML\par
HAML FORWARD TO EMAIL\par
a) MIGRATION ADD CUSTOM MESSAGE, BUT NEED A DEFAULT?\par
Dylan, can you come up with copy for what the message should read?  I'm thinking that the current message that is sent out should just have a message at the end of it saying something like:\par
"Here are messages from individual Savers:\par
David says:\par
Thank you so much for your contribution......\par
Linda says:\par
Thank you for helping me work towards my goal...."\par
\par
b) UI LET SAVER TO EDIT MESSAGE?\par
Yes.  This should be added to the existing ui for editing saver profiles.\par
\par
c) DO USE 'REST'? \par
( URL TO HAML MESSAGE  CONTROLLER\\ACTION\\CUSTOM_MESSAGE)\par
I'm not sure I understand.  There's a trigger that initiates the email message when a donation is made that will kick off an email message.  The existing email message needs to be refactored to add the custom message.\par
 \par
d) UPON DONATION, SEND THE CUSTOM/DEFAULT MESSAGE?\par
Yes.\par
script/generate plugin XXX \tab\tab # VENDOR/PLUGIN\par
\pard\f3\fs20\par
##########################################################################\par
\par
First my apologies for the previous dilettante questions.\par
\par
1) Please do give a list of gems required for this app. ie. haml, money\par
2) For Database support, do you have sample scripts for inserting  to Sqllite?\par
3) ls it possible to to run the rails app without building rails app from scratch? If so, what are the best ways to proceed?  \par
4) What additional references do you recommend to read to do the stories?\par
\par
HAML vs HTML.ERB\par
\par
VIEW\par
\par
app/views/user_notifier/donation_thanks_notification.html.haml\tab\tab DEFAULT MESSAGE\par
\par
CONTROLLER\par
\par
app/controllers/pledge_controller.rb\par
\par
TEST\par
\par
test/functional/pledge_controller_test.rb\par
\par
##############################################################################\par
\par
Regarding \b Story #478 \b0\par
\par
"When donors donate to a Saver, a custom message should be inserted into the 'thank you' email message (one for each saver that is donated to),"\par
\par
1) What is the custom message?\par
\par
The custom message should be a merge of the existing email and the custom message for each Saver that received a donation.\par
 \par
THAT IS, THE MERGE OF donation_thanks_notification.html.haml AND EXISTING EMAIL?\par
\par
THAT IS, INSTEAD OF STANDARDIZED donation_thanks_notification.html.haml, ONE SHOULD HAVE SAVER TO DO A CUSTOM MESSAGE.\par
\par
a) MIGRATION ADD CUSTOM MESSAGE TO NEED A DEFAULT\par
b) UI LET SAVER TO EDIT MESSAGE\par
c) DO USE 'REST'? \par
( URL TO HAML MESSAGE  CONTROLLER\\ACTION\\CUSTOM_MESSAGE)\par
d) UPON DONATION, SEND THE CUSTOM/DEFAULT MESSAGE\par
\par
2) How can donation_thanks_notification.html.haml be linked to likes of pledge_controller_test.rb or pledge_controller.rb? Spefically, is it stored in @emails?\par
\par
That is a good question - this is a tricky part.  In config/environments/test.rb the following lines set global variables when in the 'test' environment:\par
\par
config.action_mailer.perform_deliveries = true\par
config.action_mailer.delivery_method = :test\par
\par
They essentially tell the base functional test class to store messages that were delivered in class variable called, appropriately, @emails.  So it just appears to magically get assigned when in fact it's a configuration option ;)\par
 \par
SEE AGILE ACTION MAILER p. 663\par
\par
3)  I have notice that some functions, like 'add_donation_to_pledge', 'update_pledge_with_donor', 'paypal_redirect_param', 'set_donor_in_pledge' in pledge_contrller was not tested pledge_controller_test.rb, should I test it?\par
\par
YES!  Please feel free to clean up sloppy code and create tests.  You will probably find plenty of it in this project as this was my first experience with Rails :)\par
 \par
4) In  pledge_controller_test.rb, why is @emails cleared immediately after ActionMailer::Base.deliveries during setup?\par
\par
Another good question.  I'm resetting the variable for good measure.  I just wanted to make sure I wasn't getting any other email messages being sent.  Adding a check to assert this in the test instead of avoiding it would probably have been better but I didn't get around to it.\par
\par
SEE AGILE ACTION MAILER p. 624 \par
\par
5) For existing tests in pledge_controller_test.rb, are they functional already? \par
\par
All tests should pass at this point.  I religiously run tests for every push (checkin).\par
\par
##############################################################################\par
\par
1) Please do give a list of gems required for this app. ie. haml, money\par
\par
There's a handy rake command that will tell you this:\par
\par
rake gems\par
\par
It also helps to run it while in the test environment as there are gems that are required only there:\par
\par
rake gems RAILS_ENV=test\par
\par
STUDY RAKE GEMS\par
 \par
2) For Database support, do you have sample scripts for inserting  to Sqllite?\par
\par
I do not.  My recommendation is to install Postgres (preferred) or Mysql (Mysql has a windows installer that should make it pretty straight forward).  Please let me know if you have questions about this specifically.A\par
\par
STUDY POSTGRES\par
\par
3) ls it possible to to run the rails app without building rails app from scratch? If so, what are the best ways to proceed?  \par
\par
Hmm...rails has a pretty good framework for getting your app up and running.  I understand there may be a few steps but my suggestion is to try to work through them and email me with questions.\par
 \par
NEED HELP\par
\par
4) What additional references do you recommend to read to do the stories?\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\f1\par
}
 